Get yaml header read only header (#338)
BAMWelDX/weldx: CHANGELOG.md

### changes
- `WXRotation.from_euler()` now accepts a `pint.Quantity` as input. [[#318]](https://github.com/BAMWelDX/weldx/pull/318)
- move tests folder to `weldx/tests` [[#323]](https://github.com/BAMWelDX/weldx/pull/323)

> - `get_yaml_header` received a new option parse, which optionally 
>   returns the parsed YAML header as dictionary. [[#338]](https://github.com/BAMWelDX/weldx/pull/338)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `get_yaml_header` received a new option parse, which optionally returns the parsed YAML
  header as `asdf.tagged.TaggedDict`. [[#338]](https://github.com/BAMWelDX/weldx/pull/338)
```
